The game of yahtzee is a simple dice game. Each round, each
player rolls five six sided dice. The player may choose to 
reroll some or all of the dice up to three times (including 
the original roll). The player then places the roll in a 
category, such as ones, twos, sixes, pair, two pairs etc. 
If the roll is compatible with the score, the player gets 
a score for this roll according to the rules. If the roll 
is not compatible, the player gets a score of zero for 
this roll.

The kata consists of creating the rules to score a roll in 
any of a predefined category. Given a roll and a category, 
the final solution should output the score for this roll
placed in this category.

The following categories exists:

Ones, Twos, Threes, Fours, Fives, Sixes: 
  The player scores the sum of the dice that reads one, 
  two, three, four, five or six, respectively. For example, 
  1, 1, 2, 4, 4 placed on "fours" gives 8 points.

Pair: 
  The player scores the sum of the two highest matching dice.
  For example, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4 placed on "pair" gives 8.

Two pairs: 
  If there are two pairs of dice with the same number, the
  player scores the sum of these dice. If not, the player
  scores 0. For example, 1, 1, 2, 3, 3 placed on 
  "two pairs" gives 8.

Three of a kind: 
  If there are three dice with the same number, the player
  scores the sum of these dice. Otherwise, the player scores
  0. For example, 3, 3, 3, 4, 5 places on "three of a kind"
  gives 9.

Four of a kind: 
  If there are four dice with the same number, the player
  scores the sum of these dice. Otherwise, the player scores
  0. For example, 2, 2, 2, 2, 5 places on "four of a kind" 
  gives 8.

Small straight: 
  If the dice read 1,2,3,4,5, the player scores 15 
  (the sum of all the dice), otherwise 0.

Large straight: 
  If the dice read 2,3,4,5,6, the player scores 20 
  (the sum of all the dice), otherwise 0.

Full house: 
  If the dice are two of a kind and three of a kind, the
  player scores the sum of all the dice. For example, 
  1,1,2,2,2 placed on "full house" gives 8. 
  4,4,4,4,4 is not "full house".

Yahtzee: 
  If all dice have the same number, the player scores 50 
  points, otherwise 0.

Chance: 
  The player gets the sum of all dice, no matter what they 
  read.

